1. Find the sum of all given elements from an int array
2. Find the min element from the given int array
3. Find the max element from the given int array
4. Find the 2nd min element from the given int array
5. Find the 2nd max element from the given int array
6. Find the average value of an int array
7. Find out the sum of all even indexed elements from a given int array
8. Find out the sum of all odd indexed elements from a given int array
9. Find out the min value from all even indexed elements from a given int array
10.Find out the max value from all odd indexed elements from a given int array
11.Find out the avg value from all even indexed elements from a given int array
12.Find out the avg value from all odd indexed elements from a given int array
13.Find out the sum of all elements from a first half of given int array
14.Find out the sum of all elements from a second half of given int array
15.Find out the min value from a first half of given int array
16.Find out the min value from a second half of given int array
17.Find out the max value from a first half of given int array
18.Read all elements from an array in the reverse order
19.Read first half of the elements in the reverse direction from an array
20.Read second half of the elements in the reverse direction from an array
21.Read only even indexed elements from an array
22.Read only even indexed elements from an array in the reverse order
23.Read only odd indexed elements from an array
24.Find out an index of a specified element from a given array
25.Swap two given indexed elements from the array
26.Swap two given indexed elements from the array without using thired variable.
27.reverse the array by using thired variable
28.Reverse the elements of given array without using thired variable
29.Reverse only first half of the elements of given array without temp variable
30. Reverse only last half of the elements of given array without using temp variable
31.Reverse only even indexed of the elements of given array without using temp variable
32.Reverse only Odd indexed of the elements of given array without using temp variable
33.Swap odd indexed elements with its immediate next even indexed elements of given array
34.Do right shift by one for elements of given array
35.Do right shift by two for elements of given array
36.Do left shift by one for elements of given array
37.Do left shift by two for elements of given array
38.Do right rotate by one for elements of given array
39.Do right rotate by two for elements of given array
40.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1-> array declaraion and initialization
2-> array declaation , initalization and accessing of array elements
3-> print whole array using for loop
4-> print whole array using foreach loop
5-> print whole array using toString() method of Arrays class
6-> get all element of array from user as well as size of the array
7-> default values of all premitive types of array
